Environmental protection
     
Environmental protection is one of the main problems of nowadays. Technological progress improves people life, but at the same time it causes numerous problems that were unimaginable in the past centuries. If we don’t find the way out, our planet will die.
Big cities face the environmental catastrophe. For example, air pollution is caused by increasing number of cars, heavy traffic causes a lot of air pollution, too. Having more buses would improve public transport in cities and there would be fewer cars in the streets. I think people should go on foot more often or use bicycles.
Furthermore, we can see much litter in the cities. As a result of it industrial centers today look more like garbage dumps. We mustn’t drop litter because it looks and smells horrible. If the authorities put bin on every street corner, people wouldn’t drop litter so much. We also should try not to buy pre-packaged food. The packaging creates a lot of rubbish.
The necessity to employ all the inhabitants of the city leads to building new factories that produce not only consumer goods, but wastes and smog as well. Chemicals from factories contaminate atmosphere. Governments can solve this problem by passing laws to stop factories from polluting air and water. It also should force factories to put filters on chimneys. If they did these, our cities would be healthier places to live in. Pollution of water creates a problem of water deficit. In fact, over half of the people in the world have to live with water shortages everyday. There are solutions to this problem. We can save the water from our baths and use it for the garden. This would help to keep many litters of water especially in the summer. Governments could stop water companies from wasting water supplies because of leaking pipes. Many cities have successfully saved water by repairing pipes.
Another source of global danger is an acid rain. It falls as a result of poisonous chemicals from power stations and cars mixing with the moisture in clouds. This toxic mixture then falls as rain which kills trees, plants and pollutes the ground. There are ways to reduce acid rain. Firstly, power stations should stop releasing so much pollution into the air. Secondly, car drivers should use lead-free petrol. Thirdly, we should use less electricity, and finally, we should try to use public transport instead of cars.
Moreover, disappearing of many endangered species of animals. Millions of species have already left from our planet; thousand of others will escape tomorrow. I think we need to teach hunters that it’s wrong to kill animals. Each a worm and a bird has each place in an ecological chain. There is one more moral aspect. When we kill animals we damage something in our souls. Today we kill birds; tomorrow we will kill each other.
What is more, destroying forests-lungs of our planet. They were called so because they produce oxygen, which is one of our basic needs. Logging companies are cutting down rainforests destroying wildlife. But if they planted new trees, rainforest wouldn’t disappear. If we collected and recycled paper, there would be more forests around.
To sum up, if pollution of land, air and water continues, the damage caused by all these to nature may become irreversible. Serious actions must be taken now to avoid disaster.
